[Autogenerated] managing I am users and groups after having
securely managed and locked out the root user as 80
administrator off AWS environment,
you need to create the users and groups to share access with AWS
environment with your global Mantex colleagues.
In this demo, we're going to explore these topics how to create groups and users,
how to manage multi factor authentication with the vehicle devices,
how to get access to dashboard and how to provide aws access keys for
I am users before movinto a degree s environment.
Just one note on multi factor authentication.
Beautiful devices.
A bless provides support for multiple platform Oh,
the Google authenticator, Last Pass authenticator and others.
All these solutions are of a label for both Android and IOS smartphone.
For our ____, we will use OT,
which has been selected for its simplicity and because
it allows installation on our laptop.
Now it's demo time.
Let's begin with the creation of groups as a reminder.
Groups are collection of user which share the same privileges.
Group creation is very simple.
Let's go to the many on the left side.
The first thing to do is create a group for administrator people.
We provide this treatable name, which is at mean off course.
Then we have to specify your policy.
We will talk about policy later in this course,
but this moment is enough to know that Amazon make of label
for as a policy which grants administrator privileges and
the done our group is created.
Let's now quickly move to use a creation.
Let me add our first user.
We choose Bob as the name of our first administrator user.
We need Bob to have access key to use the Seelye,
and we need Bob to use the dash word.
Then we had the Bob to the other main group does
immediately in granting admitting privileges.
Let us keep tags for the moment.
As you can see, Amazon provides the page.
It reviewed the configuration so far, let's go for a quick check.
And after the uses created, we are also allowed to see the secret access key,
and the past soared to access the dashboard.
Now it's time to activate our Vettel and Murphy for User Bob.
Let me remind you that we are logged in as a road user,
So let me looking with Bob credentials just used these linker in new browser.
And here we go.
Now we're able to manage our AWS account with our I am user Bob.
Note that we are actually stagnating as Bob at our AWS account name.
Let's move toe I am services and let's select our user.
Let's no move to security credential to set up the M F A access.
First, we create an account on multi service by providing mobile number.
Select the SMS as channel to receive your code.
After you receive an access code, type the code and here we go.
We have been verified.
Then we had an account on AWS dashboard.
We select manage M F A.
We go for very little device option.
We generate a secret key and pastor into old the
application for the new account.
We select the type, which is Amazon Web services and type of Bob as name.
And that's all.
Now my APP is generating one time parceled each 30 seconds.
All we have to do now is to select the two consecutive
codes from our oath application and paste.
Let's very fight.
Look out and look back in with Bob credentials.
Now we're asked between certain MFP code we copy the most recent OTP
code generated by our oath e application and done.
We have successfully logged back in AWS account.
Let me show now that we can accomplish the same task with AWS Eli,
let's suppose that we have already created the second user called the Alleys.
With this command,
we create a veritable device and we write to a file with secret code.
Then we take note off the serial number and we retrieve
the code and paste into our oath.
E application does create in a new device which we call Ellis Device.
Then we take note off two consecutive one time password
codes generated by oath application,
and we fired the command to enable the virtual device.
Since you know output is presented here, let me show the result.
With proper see, like almond,
we have successfully created an additional vehicle MF a device for user Ellis.
Let me look in with Eli's credential.
An M f.
A code is requested just based on the most recent code,
and here we go successfully Logan Dean as Ellis and let me know,
rip up all the mean topic.
So far,
we have learned health securely locked down the road user How to enable I am
users for the by the operation on AWS account we learned about different
Emma Fe options with art were tokens and virtual devices and we have set up a parceled polish for our I am users.